README.md, before:

# Books

These are books that I've enjoyed or found useful. I've skimmed all of them, but have only read the ones that have been checked-off. I can't guarantee that all of these books have been acquired in a lawful way. Have fun.

- math/stats
    - [ ] The Princeton Companion to Mathematics
    - [X] **Introduction to Mathematical Statistics**
    - [X] Linear Algebra Done Right
    - [ ] **Doing Math with Python**
    - [ ] **Introduction to Statistics with Python**
    - [ ] Elements of Information Theory
    - [ ] Mathematical Statistics and Data Analysis
    - [ ] Probability and Random Variables
    - [ ] Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning
- artificial intelligence
    - [X] NLTK Book
    - [X] **Hands on Machine Learning**
    - [X] **Handbook of Natural Language Processing**
    - [X] **Deep Learning Book**
    - [X] **Speech and Language Processing** (https://web.stanford.edu/~jurafsky/slp3/)
    - [ ] Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach
    - [ ] Elements of Statistical Learning
    - [ ] Programming Collective Intelligence
    - [ ] Path to Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning
    - [ ] Introduction to Machine Learning
    - [ ] Building Machine Learning Systems with Python
    - [ ] Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction
    - [ ] Think Python
- data science
    - [ ] **Python for Data Analysis**
    - [ ] Python End-to-End Data Analysis
    - [ ] **Doing Data Science**
    - [ ] Data Science at the Command Line
    - [ ] SQL Cookbook
    - [ ] Web Scraping with Python
    - [ ] Building Real Time Data Pipelines
    - [ ] Data Science from Scratch
    - [ ] Building Real Time Data Platforms
    - [ ] Data Analysis Using Regression
    - [ ] Data Science and Complex Networks
    - [ ] Doing Data Analysis
- networks
    - [X] Flask Web Development
    - [ ] Violent Python
    - [ ] CCNA Electronic Book
    - [ ] Hacking: The Art of Exploitation
    - [ ] Internet Routing Architectures
    - [ ] Communications and Networking
- computer science
    - [X] Code
    - [X] **Grokking Algorithms**
    - [X] **Cracking the Coding Interview**
    - [ ] The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
    - [ ] Introduction to Algorithms
    - [ ] Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation
- operating systems
    - [X] Unix for Poets
    - [X] How Linux Works
    - [ ] The Linux Programming Interface
- programming
    - [X] Mastering Python Regular Expressions
    - [X] **Effective Python**
    - [ ] Fluent Python
    - [ ] Python Cookbook
    - [ ] Learning Python
    - [ ] Accelerated C++
    - [ ] JavaScript: the Definitive Guide

Commit message:

update README, add papers section

README.md, after:

# lit

This is a collection of technical books and papers that I've enjoyed. I can't guarantee that all of these books have been acquired in a lawful way. Have fun.

## Books

- math/stats
    - [ ] The Princeton Companion to Mathematics
    - [X] **Introduction to Mathematical Statistics**
    - [X] Linear Algebra Done Right
    - [ ] **Doing Math with Python**
    - [ ] **Introduction to Statistics with Python**
    - [ ] Elements of Information Theory
    - [ ] Mathematical Statistics and Data Analysis
    - [ ] Probability and Random Variables
    - [ ] Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning
- artificial intelligence
    - [X] NLTK Book
    - [X] **Hands on Machine Learning**
    - [X] **Handbook of Natural Language Processing**
    - [X] **Deep Learning Book**
    - [X] **Speech and Language Processing** (https://web.stanford.edu/~jurafsky/slp3/)
    - [ ] Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach
    - [ ] Elements of Statistical Learning
    - [ ] Programming Collective Intelligence
    - [ ] Path to Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning
    - [ ] Introduction to Machine Learning
    - [ ] Building Machine Learning Systems with Python
    - [ ] Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction
    - [ ] Think Python
- data science
    - [ ] **Python for Data Analysis**
    - [ ] Python End-to-End Data Analysis
    - [ ] **Doing Data Science**
    - [ ] Data Science at the Command Line
    - [ ] SQL Cookbook
    - [ ] Web Scraping with Python
    - [ ] Building Real Time Data Pipelines
    - [ ] Data Science from Scratch
    - [ ] Building Real Time Data Platforms
    - [ ] Data Analysis Using Regression
    - [ ] Data Science and Complex Networks
    - [ ] Doing Data Analysis
- networks
    - [X] Flask Web Development
    - [ ] Violent Python
    - [ ] CCNA Electronic Book
    - [ ] Hacking: The Art of Exploitation
    - [ ] Internet Routing Architectures
    - [ ] Communications and Networking
- computer science
    - [X] Code
    - [X] **Grokking Algorithms**
    - [X] **Cracking the Coding Interview**
    - [ ] The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
    - [ ] Introduction to Algorithms
    - [ ] Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation
- operating systems
    - [X] Unix for Poets
    - [X] How Linux Works
    - [ ] The Linux Programming Interface
- programming
    - [X] Mastering Python Regular Expressions
    - [X] **Effective Python**
    - [ ] Fluent Python
    - [ ] Python Cookbook
    - [ ] Learning Python
    - [ ] Accelerated C++
    - [ ] JavaScript: the Definitive Guide

## Papers

##### Learning without forgetting, Zhizhong Li, Derek Hoiem (2016)
- http://zli115.web.engr.illinois.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/0479.pdf

Describes different strategies for transfer learning: fine-tuning, feature extraction, joint training, and the paper's new strategy: "learning without forgetting". This tries to solve the problem of "continually adding new prediction tasks based on adapting shared parameters without access to training data for previously learned tasks"
